Welcome to vehicle motion and control.
Imagine you're riding as a passenger in
a car with your eyes closed and your ears plugged.
What would you be able to know about your motion?
You could probably tell when the car accelerated quickly,
or came to a sudden stop,
or if it made a sharp turn.
But what are the limits of this knowledge?
Could you reconstruct your entire path for a drive?
If so, how?
This course is a crash course,
no pun intended in vehicle motion.
And in this course,
you're going to explore exactly this question.
As you do, you'll also learn the very basics of calculus and trigonometry,
two branches of math which are used extensively in self-driving cars.